i Eddard of the House Stark Lord of
Winterfell and warden of the North
sentence you to die
it's an old stark philosophy that the
man who passes the sentence should swing
the sword and it really goes to the root
of who Ned Stark is as a man and who the
Starks are as a family understand why I
did it
Oh is a always the stark ethos is very
much about doing things herself and
about leadership by example and that is
really the the kind of the cornerstone
of the first season he's the center of
gravity around whom events move for the
most part the king rides for Winterfell
he's coming this far north he's after
Ned Stark the Lord of Winterfell grew up
with Robert Baratheon who went on to
become King they were raised from a
relatively early age as brothers for all
intents and purposes and they grew up
together and they learned to drink
together and chase girls together and
they went to war together you got fat
the only reason in the world why Robert
would make this journey is because he
needs a new hand and who else would he
turn to you but his oldest friend his
best friend his most trusted confidant
Ned Stark I need you ned you helped me
win the Iron Throne now help me keep the
thing may I present my honored
guests Viserys of House Targaryen the
third of his name the rightful king of
the Andals and the first men and his
sister Daenerys of House Targaryen
Daenerys Targaryen his nickname is Dany
basically went into exile from her
homeland when she was so small she has
never remembered she is the the youngest
child of the Mad King Aerys Targaryen
she's never known her father she's never
known her family she's never known her
homeland the only thing she's ever known
has been her brother she's been raised
by her brother Viserys and Viserys has
had his eyes on one thing and one thing
only and that is on regaining the throne
that was taken from his father when they
write the history of my reign sweet
sister they will say
again today she's had no stability in
her life the only constant has been this
brother Viserys so even though he is a
cruel and sadistic older brother and
even though he's really quite abusive to
her it's all she knows and she's been
forced to if not trust him at least to
follow his wishes because not doing so
would just lead to more abuse you don't
want to wake the dragon do you like a
lot of characters in the show she's
looking for an identity and a larger
purpose in life I think there's
something deep inside her that's asleep
that's there that she acknowledges and
you see her start to acknowledge it
certainly when she's thrown in with a
Dothraki and she's presented with the
eggs dragon eggs you could see this
thought process starting but there is
something larger out there that I'm
supposed to be a part of I think she's
on board for going back to the kingdom
and to finding out about her culture and
to having a home you know Ned Stark's
bastard aren't you
John snow has grown up at Winterfell
with the other Starks but he's not
himself a stark he's a bastard so John
has gone through life at a disadvantage
despite the fact that he's grown up with
the noble family and with certain
privileges that come with that he is not
one of them this has I think
understandably caused John to grow up
with a chip on his shoulder Rome to the
litter that one's yours snow John
doesn't have a future John will kind of
live the rest of his life at the mercy
of his brothers and he has a very strong
relationship with his brothers
especially with Rob but there's still
that nagging feeling that he doesn't
belong and that there's no real future
for him here
you